they are going to make vegetable spring
rolls young let me tell you what goes
into this dish we're gonna start with
carrots celery cilantro green onions
frozen green peas shiitake mushrooms
cabbage bean sprouts and we're gonna
wrap them up in spring roll wrappers
we're gonna use canola oil for frying
today but peanut oil or vegetable oil
works just great too so we need to get
our pot hot because we're gonna cook
some of those vegetables so I take my
carrot I started the fat in and I'm
gonna shred it ah pretty I think that's
enough I'm gonna put about 1 tablespoon
of my oil swish that around and toss our
carrots in there to start cooking turn
on the stove I'm going to turn that on
high and start heating your oil I've
already poured it in there that's about
three inches in that pot the next
densest vegetable we're going to be
cooking is our celery I use the very end
of the summary - nothing goes to waste
in my kitchen ok but the pot goes give
it stir alright next now have these
really beautiful shiitake mushrooms they
give it such a great flavor these are
fresh they used to be like 10 to 15
a pound but I have been watching and the
year says goodbye and I get these now
for about 350 450 a pound which is
excellent nothing gives the Chinese
flavor in a dish like a shiitake
mushroom all right in the pot that goes
it's looking a little dry to me I know a
little more oil of that that's a total
of two tablespoons of oil that's on
medium now and I am stirring this it is
time to add a little salt to that this
is probably 1/2 teaspoon of salt there
it up next I'm gonna add our green
onions also called spring onions I'm
gonna cut them the same little kind of
cut kind of a vertical and then away we
go so I cut the white parts and that's
gonna go my saute pan but the tops are
gonna be work for garnish because it's
pretty
they're the lightest of the flavor of
the onion so stick those white parts in
and halfway up that stock and the rest
will be for garnish swish swish
now let's shred that cabbage so to do
that is cut very thin pieces the goal is
to have almost the same quantity of
everything but I have a little extra
cabbage it's easy to cook easy to cut
and I love the flavor in it
quite sweet stir that around and you're
gonna let that cook for two minutes
we're gonna put some foil on to it like
so chop it up just chop the leaves don't
to the stems the stems can be a little
woody so add your cilantro
add your bean sprouts that's about 1 cup
of bean sprouts there that yeah that
looks really good my cabbage is getting
a little soft that's perfect hey it's
been 1 minute this bean sprouts are
softer now good let's take off the heat
yeah so with her 1/2 cup of frozen peas
I had rinsed them and they started to
defrost and they're just about cooked
anyways I do not like these overcooked
so this is fine just to go into our hot
mixture and I also like it because this
is gonna bring down the temperature of
my hot mixture so I don't kill my
fingertip so I'm trying to wrap this now
just toss them around break them up oh
my gosh I want to eat this right now
let's open our wonton wrappers so you'll
find your equal wrappers or your spring
roll wrappers in the refrigerated
section of your grocery
door make it look like a diamond that
you're looking at and put in two
tablespoons of your mixture so you put
it on the part closest to you and you
take your little corner and you stick it
like that you know what a little extra
because you want it firmly in there and
then you start putting in your other
corners like that
and roll it in and when you get to the
end a little water because you want to
seal it one time let's do another all
right two tablespoons in your diamond
start a rolling tuck in your sides keep
on rolling little water
voila that's as easy as it gets so I'm
gonna finish up and then we're gonna fry
these things yeah yeah how about a
spring roll today
so now we're gonna test the oil and make
sure it's hot enough so I just drop in
whatever ingredient you got handy I've
got some carrots in my hand from that
dish yeah it's definitely hot enough so
we're gonna put in three at a time
because we want to keep that temperature
of our oil hot if you put in more than
three you have a larger batch and
doesn't get as crispy you're gonna cook
them probably one minute per side if
your oil is really hot like mine is what
you're looking for is a toasty brown
color so when you see it get toasty
Brown now there you go look at that guy
see that so then he gets flipped over
flip nice-looking egg rolls this one's
about ready to come out it's really all
about just getting the exterior cook
because you know the interior is cooked
perfectly happy onto our paper towel
there's the other one there we go Oh
beautiful
so put them in carefully by putting in
one end and dropping them slowly you
don't it's a splatter on you now just
gently toss them around in a circle so
that all sides get cooked evenly
it should take one to two minutes for
this step it goes really fast but you
better be here to babysit them they'll
get away land will turn brown really
fast beautiful I have made a little
sauce which is my favorite of white
vinegar and chopped garlic and I use a
little soy sauce so into the dip we do a
perfectly manicured bite let's try it oh
my god it is better than any restaurant
spring roll
I'm not kidding you it's a talking
mushroom it's got so much flavor in it
so Chongqing
Cheers